# Weekly Objectives & Review

# Grand Adventures

* [[Land my first position as a DevOps Engineer]]
* [[Run a half marathon]]

# Monthly Quests

- [ ] Study 80 hours for CKA
- [ ] Run my first 5k
- [ ] Produce 1 piece of content every day

# Weekly Objectives

- [x] Study 21 hours for CKA
- [x] Run my first 2k
- [ ] Go for at least 3 runs
- [x] Produce 7 pieces of content and post them
- [ ] 
- [ ] 

# Reflection

How did it go with my objectives? Which ones failed, and why?

I did generally well, but I failed on running 3 times a week.

It such extremely bad weahter, but at least i did some extra pushups instead.

What are the most significant events or thoughts that happened this week?

* Started my business!
* Received my MVP!
* Noticed that I start to miss Norway and maybe it's time to plan a holiday


## Productivity, Project & Task Reflection

What did I work on this week?



What did I achieve this week?



Do I have too many projects going on?



## Other Reflection

It has been a busy but satisfying week.

## Reminder

**VERY IMPORTANT to reward yourself COGNITIVELY for success**

"I'm doing well, I'm on the right track. Another week On Track."

Visualize failure of meeting the goals. What are the consequences?

## Weekly Review Checklist

- [x] Create next weekly note and set intentions
- [x] Check the calendar for this week and next week
- [x] Plan necessary appointments

- [x] Go through Apple Notes to see if I captured anything while driving / on the go
- [x] Clear notes inbox
- [x] Clear gmail inbox

- [x] Check refine tag in Obsidian
- [x] Check consume tag in Obsidian

- [x] Enter weight circumference in Apple Health

# Links:

202405191502

[[weekly review]]